docs: clarify information about usage of the `api/v1/admin/tsdb/delete_series` API (#3287)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: README.md

Send a request to `http://<victoriametrics-addr>:8428/api/v1/admin/tsdb/delete_series?match[]=<timeseries_selector_for_delete>`,
where `<timeseries_selector_for_delete>` may contain any [time series selector](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics/#time-series-selectors)

> for metrics to delete. You cannot delete some ranges of time series because this API does not support range request params

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for metrics to delete. Delete API doesn't support the deletion of specific time ranges, the series can only be deleted completely.
```
